new datastruct workshop (#217)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/datastruct/2Darrays/introto2darray.md

---
title: "Introduction"
draft: false
weight: 1
---

<p style="text-align: center;"><iframe width="60%" height="600px" src="https://youtube.com/embed/DZkUUk64mWM" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe></p>

![2dintro](../../img/2dintro.png)
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../style.css">
<hr>

> We've already learned plenty about arrays. We know that an array can hold many different types (ints, Strings, doubles, etc.), but how about an array that holds many arrays?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've already learned plenty about arrays. We know that an array can hold many different types (`int`s, `String`s, `double`s, etc.), but how about an array that holds many arrays?
```

> A 2D array has a type such as ```int[][]``` or `String[][]`, with two pairs of square brackets. The elements of a 2D array are arranged in rows and columns, and the new operator for 2D arrays specifies both the number of rows and the number of columns. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A 2D array has a type such as `int[][]` or `String[][]`, with two pairs of square brackets. The elements of a 2D array are arranged in rows and columns, and the new operator for 2D arrays specifies both the number of rows and the number of columns. For example,
```
